It's such an evolving landscape and so I
I want to be humble here and say like I
don't think I know anything but if I had
to share my perspective
I think when I say superstar I never
thought about it from being you know a
super hyper domain expert but rather
being a person that is extremely curious
and just gets the job done and I think
that type of personality thrives right
now in the AI landscape. One of the
things that CML I did a lot because
again the product is so like the domain
is so technical and one of the things I
was that was so important for me is that
every security person that reads
something or hears something that comes
out of whiz is like oh yeah like they
know what they're talking about. I would
spend so much of my time like reviewing
things making sure that everything's
like accurately technical. Now I built
like a super easy GPT that we call like
the whiz spell checker that is used by
every single person in the organization.
What it does is it makes sure that it's
like according to our brand and tone of
voice. Like you write the customer
email, you put it there. Technically
accurate, users are right to your bones.
So
>> it checks every customer communication.
I think it's great if it does. I'm a
super fan.
>> It helps you like write everything,
right? But I still believe that at the
end of the day, the people who are most
successful are hungry and curious
people. Cuz to your point, I really
don't know anything. Like the tools I
used 6 months ago are not the tools I
use today.
Hey everybody, the bests are taken or
overpriced. I was literally looking for
a domain name the other day. It was
$10,000 just to make an offer. So, you
settle on a workaround domain for your
website. Don't compromise. Get a
cleansharp.te
domain that instantly says is a tech
startup. Grab yours at get.te/saster.
That's get.te/saster
or on domain registers like GoDaddy.
Stop compromising. Get the domain you
need. Hey everybody, Sasser Annual will
be back May 2026, the world's largest
SAS and AI gathering for executives.
Just this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees. 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of STER attendees and decision
makers that come to SAS annual and AI
summit each and every year. But here's
the reality, folks. The longer you wait,
the higher ticket prices get. They're
cheap now. They're cheap. So, just get
them early. Block in your spot today.
Use my code Jason 100 for exclusive
savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annual and
AISummit 2026. It will rock.
We're going to talk about AI a bit with
Raz. lot of topics to get into, but we
will start with a quick background and
introduction. So, for those who don't
know today's guest with us today, we've
got Roz Heber. She is the CMO of Whiz.
Roz, thanks for joining us today.
>> Thank you for having me. Great to have
you. For those who don't know Roz's
background formally, maybe you read it a
little bit with the announcement of the
Google intent to buy Whiz, but for those
who don't know, Roz was actually
appointed CMO of Whiz with a product
background. So, no prior experience in
marketing. Just by way of introduction.
How did that go? Like, how did that
actually work? Just as like I feel like
that's a good place to start off for the
day. Yeah, it's still going. Yes. just
for projects like being the CMO at whiz
was my first marketing role. At the time
I joined Whiz is um one of like the
first five employees and I joined as a
first product role and for the first two
and a half years of whiz I led the
product organization and I still
remember the day that our CEO of staff
asked me to kind of take over the
marketing function and my answer was
like no. What are you talking about? I
mean just to put it into context I have
never been on a go to market org before
right like I was always on the
engineering side
I did not know the first thing about
marketing I mean when I took the role I
have never heard the term MQL or I knew
what pipeline was but like very high
level right I've never heard of like PM
or PR agency like nothing what I did
know was I knew our business inside out
so like building the product for the
first two two and a half years.
What I did was you know work with
customers from the beginning. I sold to
a lot of customers in some ways like I
helped shape the selling process and
list like I helped you know what is the
first step what does a successful POB
look like. I knew the customers and the
product and our business inside out but
I knew nothing about marketing. I mean,
Liz blew up, right? I mean, but in
general, I think it did like one to 100
in 18 months or 20 months or something
like that. How did you as an engineer
turned marketing, what like data set did
you focus on initially? Like what did
you try to I'm sure your brain initially
is what can I optimize, right? What can
I hack? And so, because I'm actually
seeing this more and more often, more
and more folks are approaching marketing
from an engineering perspective. So,
what were the first couple things you
attacked? I think not knowing marketing
really shaped the way I came to think
about it because I knew exactly what I
was trying to solve. Our problem at that
time was nobody heard of whis at all.
Nobody heard of W. We had great product
market fit, right? But what would happen
to us is we would meet a customer,
right? It's a big enterprise. We would
meet a customer and we would, you know,
have a great first meeting and they
would be like, "Oh my god, this looks so
good. I wish I heard about it like 3
months ago when I just signed with one
of your competitors. They did not know
this existed even and that's like you
know it's like a knife to your heart cuz
we know that had he heard of us had we
been part of that process we believe
that he would have bought whiz right so
our pain point was nobody heard of whis
so I did not know anything about
marketing but I came into was like okay
what are all the things I can do to
solve that problem I just want the right
person like I want security buyers with
a security product I want security
buyers I want cyber security buyers ers
to hear about whiz and ideally know that
whis does cloud security so that if they
need something for cloud security they
think of whiz. That was the problem I
said to solve. I was not focused on
building pipeline because I did not even
know I was supposed to be focused on
that. I was just like thinking in terms
of how do I solve this problem as fast
as I can whatever it takes.
That's a good one. One of the points you
brought up um and something we talk a
lot on Saster I know Jason has some
takes on this as well is how technical
do you need to be right so with this is
a fairly technical product obviously you
had you had more of the technical
background than maybe a more traditional
CMO would have had like how do you feel
like that also helped make it work right
and then how did you maybe evolve that
to say okay now that I know I have to
own this marketing function how Can I
actually make that exciting because
security is a little bit traditionally a
bit more boring than selling like a
marketing or now an AI piece of
software. Yeah, it's it's a really good
question. So again, I go back to like
the core problem. Nobody heard of us. Um
and so my solution to that was making it
exciting. Like I wanted to stand out cuz
I was just trying to make people hear
about me, right? So like whatever it
needs, I want to stand out. They want to
look different so that if you see it
somewhere, you remember it and you can
come back to it cuz it stands out so
much. And being in the security domain
for being technical, but specifically
being in the security domain and being a
security practitioner, I knew how
everything else sounded and looked like.
Security products typically were like
black and red type of thing that really
most of the marketing was done on like
scaring people. Hey, I will help you
prevent this bad thing from happening.
And as an actual technical practitioner,
first of all, it's never what I want to
hear. It's just not. I like to hear like
positive things. I don't like people
stressing me out. My job is hard enough.
And also because I understand the
reality of how complex it is to protect
an organization that also never
resonated well for me. So what I was
able to do is kind of like take those
two things and be, okay, I want to sound
different. I want to look different and
I want to make it fun. Like I know it's
funny for my audience. I know the jokes.
I know the inside jokes. I know like
where they read. I know what they like
to read. So how do I kind of combine
those things to make it fun and stand
out and specifically talk to them? Like
for example, right? Like you know in
April's day we April's full day we did
like we released the meditation app for
cyber practitioners. It has like guided
meditation sessions because cyber
security is stressful with like really
deep cyber jokes, right? That's funny
thing that can get shared within my
audience and it's just like weird. It's
like out there and it's funny. It's like
deep and good. So those are the types of
things I did to stand out fast but also
catch exactly my right audience. And the
second thing was like I knew I was
really focused on grabbing attention cuz
that was my problem. So I always thought
like what is interesting for my audience
you know I don't believe it ever hearing
about product that is because you're
caught up in your own doing even as you
know like even I like Instagram right
I'm never going to read a blog about the
new Instagram feature so why would
somebody who does not use my product
read a blog about my features right so
it was more about I know it's
interesting for my audience because I am
my audience and do I like release things
fast that speak to
just on finding early traction and
marketing and a little bit about maybe
you can share what's working now a bit
is how did you find the right buyers
initially? Yeah, it's a really good
question. I I do think that obviously a
lot is changing and a lot is also
changing fast and a lot is still
changing. So definitely I don't have
like all the answers but I think it's
important to always be attached to today
and tomorrow and I don't think like two
days ahead. I still think that a lot of
the core principles we incorporated is
at least for our audience which is a
very deeply technical audience right I'm
selling like a very technical product
for security people for engineers
you have to go very deep so shallow
content was never enough but really deep
content still requires a lot of work and
it's not something that can be easily
automated around but you really need
that core expertise. For example, one of
the things we that works really well for
us right now is um
really releasing um they're called CTFs
in the cyber security world, but
releasing really complex challenges that
teach people how to do security
hands-on.
Like you can think of them almost like
websites that are like security riddles,
teaching you cyber security, but making
it fun and engaging and gamifying it.
There's a lot of work that goes into it.
It's like very deep content. Those
things always work for me because I
think the reality is you are truly just
giving somebody really good value and
you're speaking in their language and
you're being very specific in what you
do and that I feel still works for me
really well and it does it is able to it
is able to shine in the sea of SEO type
generated content which I agree is now
overflowing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. especially because AI has
made content creation both easier and
harder
as you were just related to as you were
building out the marketing function at
Whiz because how did you build out that
team right like who were the first 10
hires that you made? What did you have
them do to build out this function?
>> Yeah,
so I built what I still to this day call
like the growth marketing team. Those
were like my first personal hires. So, I
hired that team of like brilliant
people, some of the best marketers out
there that are just like doers. They do
a ton of crazy things, like people who
made things go viral in whatever domain.
I was not looking for cyber experts. I
know cyber. I needed people that know
how to make things like go viral and
deliver them end to end. So, that was
like my first hire. It was like those
kind of like doors on the growth
marketing team. It's not a traditional
function I think but to this day it's
it's very very impactful. I also brought
design completely inhouse. So there was
like a lot of contractors. I just I
really love design and I think it's it's
a core part of of a company and an
identity. So I brought the design team
inhouse.
Today in whiz the marketing team is
actually structured untraditionally. So
like about a year ago, I actually split
the marketing org so that the field
marketing org is under the sales org
with because to me it's so attached to
regional and to sales and it's not that
domain specific and everything that's
like domain specific reports to me. So
it's a very untraditional structure
which again marketing is so diverse. I
have to say as somebody who has not come
from marketing it was always so
confusing to me that everything has to
live you know like nothing is that
similar to anything else within the
marketing or so I think there's a lot of
ways to structure marketing teams
>> if we're on the constructing the
function of marketing what I've seen Raz
just relatively recently with hyperrowth
companies like whiz and I've seen this a
lot is I am seeing more and more CRO and
revenue leaders build what I call
parallel marketing organizations. Like
they're tired that either marketing is
getting me the wrong type of leads,
right? Or I need more enterprise and
marketing is giving me mid-market or I
just need and they are not I haven't
seen any CRO say, "Hey, I want to take
over brand collateral and building
booths." Okay, I've yet to see that. But
I am seeing more and more CRO build a
parallel marketing or mostly around
demand. And I don't just mean hiring
SDRs. I mean building a parallel or have
you seen that? Have you thought about
whether those lines should blur or
change when there's hyperrowth?
>> Very interesting. I think blurry lines
are a good thing. I mean, I have to say
in I think we've always had a lot of
blurry lines. I think really being
involved in sales processes, which I am
still to this day involved in deals. I
think it's meaningful. It's really
meaningful. It keeps you in touch with
the sales or in a very meaningful way. I
can understand why. Let's put it this
way. If our CRO started building a
shadow marketing or then I think it's a
great learning opportunity for me. I
believe people should do whatever they
need to succeed. So it's a good chance
to understand like what are they doing
that the marketing team did not do but
it doesn't matter. I think there's many
ways of having structures in orgs and I
think orgs are very different. So not
necessarily seeing it as a problem. I
think it could be a good opportunity. At
the end of the day I work for the sales
team. That's how I see it in me to be
right. I do. I work for the sales team.
Either I'm helping them close deals and
get customers or I'm not helping them
close deals and get customers. I mean,
if I was a CRO and I was unhappy, I
might have done just that. It's not so
much that I some of it's probably
unhappiness, right? What I'm seeing as
as the best just grow faster, right? Is
a recognition. Look, the reality is some
CMOs are more passionate about certain
functions than others, right? Some maybe
if you're from an engineering
background, you may love the
quantitative side. You may love
campaigns and demand genen and staring
at spreadsheets. There are CMOs who are
great at brand and whiz is so big today.
You could probably just do brand, right?
Because that's your goal is to reinforce
deals. Like you get into deals, right?
There are CMOs who love field is crazy.
They love they know that they they're
really good at events and their
competition isn't. So they know that 40%
of pipe in the enterprise, so they just
hustle field, but they ignore smaller
customers. Like I've never seen a CMO
that's great at field and great at like
the low end. And so what I'm seeing is
CRO's say, "Listen, let's keep everybody
in their lane and I'm going to backfill
my organ. If you're good at content or
event or fields or brand or demand
genen, I'm going to do the other stuff.
You're a CMO. You don't like getting out
to events. I'm going to do it myself.
Like I'm going to get on the road." It's
just a new theme because it I just think
most CMOs have like two or three things
they like to do and the rest they sort
of hand off to their team or are
mediocre.
I think it makes a lot of sense. I also
said like our software is not
traditional. I don't do field anymore. I
mean and I think it's part of it like it
is a very very very diverse role like it
there's so many things in marketing and
it's not even just in the marketing or
like I would argue that as a B2B
enterprise product our sales people own
a lot of the brand like at the end they
meet the team and it's about how they
interact and how they behave and you
know the culture that they put out
there. If I'm like a very fun and
approachable brand, but then you know
you meet my salesperson and you have a
really bad experience, it does not
matter. So the whole thing to me is like
one task for the company.
>> I just I personally
>> to I mean I know being outside of the
marketing board, right? I know how
almost like scary it was to hear CMOS
talk cuz they would use all those things
like like the demand genen and the top
of funnel and like brand versus this
versus that. And I mean now I know all
of those terms but I still try not to
think about them too much. I mean at the
end of the day if you don't split it
into those categories then the problem
CMOs have to solve for is I want to make
sure the right buyers care about me and
feel positively about me and that should
help the sales process.
>> And so that's when like that is what we
do. So in my mind that's the focus and
it's not broken up into those like
category so bluntly in a sense like a
year ago I broke off the field marketing
or which reporting CMO and now reports
to our sales leaders. That's interesting
right there. You broke it off, right? It
reports, right?
>> Exactly. Exactly. Because I really felt
that like first of all, I found
personally
I think being a very successful field
marketer has more to do with having very
tight alignment with your regional sales
director.
>> I mean that's the KPI for me is are they
happy with them? And the way I like our
field marketers was to ask the the
regional sales director, have you worked
with somebody you liked before? Could
that will make it successful. So like in
some ways I did not have a lot to give
there right like it's not something I
felt like it's so important for them. I
want this sales or to choose them and
like them and work with them. I will
still give the content. I will still
tell them how they eventually look like
what to do like but it's more important
that they work closely together. Things
are very regional. So in my mind that
belong with sales. It also works that
way when you hire like you hire X
saleserson in Y region you get the field
marketer. So like put it there.
>> Yeah. Well, that is interesting. It
makes sense if the if the CRO is up for
it, right? You have to make sure you
have a great VP there because there's no
way a CRO wants to go into the minutia
of of ordering the popcorn card for uh
they just want to influence pipeline and
and maybe generate leads, right? That's
all they care about.
>> Yeah. And but also, of course, it's not
like I went anywhere. We were there to
build a good VP there and like to to
make that work. But yes,
>> just one nerdy question on it because we
could spend but I do think that's a
really interesting story just from a
budget perspective when you move it over
from marketing to sales.
Does that become part of does sales get
more heads and more budget? Does it stay
in your budget? Like how did you guys
just figure out how to allocate? Because
even at Wizard of Scale, budget's fixed,
right? It's going to be some percent of
revenue that you get to spend.
>> No, moved it over with the heads in the
budget of course.
>> Well, the budget too, right? So yeah,
not everyone wants to release not every
CMO wants to release any budgets. There
are FFTs out there in the world. There
are a few folks who run FFTs and the
last thing they wanted to do is release
any budget.
>> You know, I do think that one thing that
can be underplayed
in in the fact that
>> I didn't start it with as a CMO is that
I exactly have
>> always had a bit of the privilege to not
live and die on metrics and have a lot
of trust. So, I'm I was never afraid to
let go of budgets or numbers or be or
saying, you know what, this measurement
of pipeline, I know it looks good for my
team, but I actually think it's like
completely meaningless and I'm going to
focus my energy on what I actually think
closes deals
and helps sell Wiz cuz that's what I'm
here for. It enables you to do things
very differently. I think it's very hard
as marketers to work because you have to
like gain that trust and you have to
show the numbers but in a lot of ways
they can also lead you in the right
direction sometimes. So that's another
core advantage I had by not starting as
a CMO but by starting from a place where
I had all the trust in the world by the
exact and founding team because I was
almost like part of that before I took
over the marketing role.
>> Got it. Let me um
take you a different way. Curious what
you're thinking today because this is
probably the number one question
everyone has, right? How do you think AI
is going to change the roles of specific
marketing functions over the next 6 12
18 months? I mean, we're already seeing
it faster. I mean, we already every time
like look, we're tiny, okay? But every
time someone's left, broadly speaking,
we've replaced them with AI.
>> Interesting. in marketing and what we
call marketing. How dynamic do you think
it is? What jobs do you think are at
risk? Right? How you thinking about how
it will change the human side of
marketing?
>> Yeah, it's a good question and and
really I have to say like I don't feel
anywhere near a marketing expert, right?
So like truly I am still very marketing.
>> We're all still learning.
>> Still learning, right? I really think
that I mean if I look at my own theme,
right? which is the only thing I really
understand and know about. If I look at
my own team, every single person on my
team has dramatically transformed the
way they work and that was also
something that I would not compromise on
like when we do team meetings, right?
When we do like quarterly summaries
where people present what they work,
every person has to say like what am I
doing with AI and show cool things to
the team and we've do been that for at
least over a year. So it upscaled the
capability of people to be effective 100
100x. I mean I've definitely honestly
I've slowed hiring but I think amazing
people are just now 100 times more
amazing and 100 times more effective
but I but I still need the amazing
people. I never have or believed in like
big teams and hiring a lot of people for
I was always about like I think a
superstar can do so many things and now
a superstar can do really endless amount
of things. Yeah. So that's how I see it.
>> So superstars for sure, right? But in my
lived experience, sometimes the folks
that were superstars in 2021 are not
always superstars in the age of AI.
Do you think you can reskill people?
Like a lot of folks are talking about
reskilling go to market people in the
age of AI. But honestly, just between us
and whoever's watching on streaming, I
think reskilling is tough. I don't I
just showing up with a with a recipe
that you got on chat GBT to your
marketing team doesn't count as being an
AI native. We had a CMO summit at SAS
annual this year. I mean, come next
year, we had hundreds and this Amelia
led it. It was the quiet theme
backstage. I don't know if I'm
reskilling myself enough. I don't know
if I'm AI. I I can go deploy clay and
buy some tools and that's great, but I
don't I'm not sure I understand this
stuff.
>> It's such an evolving landscape. And so
I I want to be humble here and say like
I don't think I know anything. But if I
had to share my perspective,
I I slightly disagree there, right? Like
I think when I say superstar, I never
thought about it from being, you know, a
super hybrid domain expert, but rather
being a person that is extremely curious
and just gets the job done. And I think
that type of personality thrives right
now in the AI landscape. One of the
things this CML I did a lot because
again the product is so like the domain
is so technical and one of the things I
was that was so important for me is that
every security person that reads
something or hears something that comes
out of whiz is like oh yeah like they
know what they're talking about I know
from being on the other side that often
time I would read something and it would
not be the right tone of voice right
like that the person writing it was not
using the right jargon like the inside
jargon so I would spend so much of my
time like reviewing things making sure
that everything's like accurately ly
technical. Now I built like a super easy
GP that we call like the whiz spell
checker that is used not by marketing
it's used by every single person in the
organization. What it does is it makes
sure that it's like according to our
brand and tone of voice. Like you write
the customer email, you put it there
technically accurate users of bone. So
>> it checks every customer communication.
>> Well, I think it's great if it does. I'm
a super fan.
>> It can help. Yes, it helps you like
write everything, right? And it also
makes sure for example like one of the
key things is is one of our brand core
principles is being humble. Like I will
never tell somebody, let's say I lost,
let's say we lost a deal. I never want
an AE to write and be like I want them
to write back and say like we'd love to
learn more like we want to learn from
you right so this also helps me with
those types of things so you can build a
tool and give it to everybody and you
can do that with AI tools today like you
could have never done before but I still
believe that at the end of the day the
people who are most successful are
hungry and curious people cuz to your
point I really don't know anything like
the tools I used 6 months ago are not
the tools I use today and the tools that
we'll use 2 months from now will be new
tools and in every subdomain there's so
much to discover that they just need
curious people who are not afraid to
like figure it out and that I think
those people thrive.
>> What percent of folks do you really
think are that curious
>> a a lot a ton and with
>> I I don't
>> I I believe you you're much more
successful than me. I want to believe
like a lot of people are this curious
today but I feel like it might only be
like 10 or 15%.
Well, oh, that's very possible. But when
you hire, you hire for that 10 15%. I
mean, look,
>> I hiring, I said it at the beginning, I
am obsessed with it cuz I do think I
know nothing around it. Like, I want to
hire for that 15% and I'm willing to do
whatever it takes to hire for that 15%.
And honestly, I want to say that in
WIDS, we've always been focused from day
one on hiring
people that are humble, have a growth
mindset, and are obsessed with growing.
And you know we have of course like the
privilege of being able to hire for that
but that has always been a key priority.
>> So let me ask you related to this
because I just think the world is
changing right expectations for
marketing and sales. I was on a sales
call this week for an AI tool where I'm
a power user. I've been a user since day
one. This is a company that's 2 years
old. I've been a customer for like 20
months. Okay. So I know this product
pretty good. Okay. But I don't actually
know the new enterprise edition that's
coming out. And I got on a on a call, a
Zoom with the head of sales and I just
instantly knew the product better than
he did. Everything. It was 80 minutes of
torture. And my point of the story is we
could I mean, it's pretty funny is I
think before AI, you might tolerate
this. You'd roll your eyes. I think the
customers are too smart in the GBT era.
We won't I guess can't tolerate that. I
can't tolerate a marketer, a GTM, a
salesperson that's not smarter than me.
I just can't stand it anymore.
I agree.
>> So, how do we enable our GTM teams to I
think they have to be smarter than their
customers in 2026.
>> I think they always have to be smarter.
I think from day one, like I never aim
for mediocracy, honestly. So, you're
right. Like, I think there's I think the
bar is getting higher, right? But I also
think that you should never aim that
low. So, like in my opinion, like that
saleserson who joined the call with you,
right? That was never okay. It was not
okay before AI. And I agree with you.
That's the thing. I think like
mediocracy now is not hard to automate.
>> Yeah. Could ask one last. I know we're
jumping around in a million. Going back
in the early days, you said your number
one job was folks loved Whiz, but no one
had heard of heard of Whiz despite the
media growth
for things like brand marketing
awareness getting out there. How do you
measure it? How do you measure it as a
touch? How do you measure it in
attribution? How do you measure its
contribution to pipeline in sales? You
know, I I think all of us go through if
for when we're first- timerrs, we're
initially skeptical of a lot of this
stuff. We're like, "Oh my god,
billboards, the dumbest thing in the
world, right?" And then you realize like
they work like cuz they're a touch. They
are,
>> you know, if you're doing them right.
And so, how how do you how did you
measure it? Measure its contribution,
that kind of stuff on the on the
quantify it.
>> Yeah.
I I think because I came over to
marketing from an engineer perspective,
people really expected me to be like so
obsessed with the numbers and not care
about brand when actually in reality I
kind of felt like the thing that will
actually help me close deals if the
brand side like people hearing about us
hearing good things. First of all, I'll
say that to this day I'm involved in
deals and I you could sense it changing
very easily over time. Like when I
started we would walk into a room and it
was cold, right? Like you would start
from zero. You would have to be like,
"Hi, I'm W with a health security
company." And then over time you feel
that the worms get the room gets warmer.
Right now you walk into a room, it's
warm and your AES feel it too. So
there's also measurements that are not
just numbers, but when it comes to
numbers, I track a couple of things.
First of all, my audience,
my buyer, the budget at the end comes
from CISOs, the the senior executive
that owns the security budget.
They are a lot on LinkedIn. Like I track
how well we do on LinkedIn, how fast we
grow. I need that exponential growth on
LinkedIn. That's a good indication for
me for brand because I can see the
amount of buyers that are subscribing to
my content there. Then I have the other
type of people, the people who actually
use with like the I mean at the end
you'll have a CISO approve the budget or
approve the project but there's going to
be a team of cloud security engineers
and a team of engineers actually testing
the product so for them I measure
different things like that specific
community the info community it's on
Twitter it's in different communities
it's in mass like I measure those things
as well so I don't only look at the high
level like data and touch points but I
also measure some key indicators that
for me just always have to show
exponential growth. I looked at the
number and I wanted to grow
exponentially, meaning you have to grow
20% quarter by quarter.
>> Yeah.
>> Once they like, you know, touch points
and attribution and pipeline. Oh my god,
there's so many ways to measure it. I
just want it to grow exponentially.
Really, every time you have a new sales
leader, you measure it differently.
Whatever it is, I want it to grow 20%
quarter over quarter. I just want it not
linear. That's what I want.
>> Yeah, it is. It's interesting just
because folks are obsessed with it that
the first thing you brought up was that
the CESOs are all on LinkedIn.
What's the um what do you think the
quality bar is? You have to add some
value to link there's just so much
content by the same time, right? And um
what's the bar? How how do you think
about adding enough value or what does
it take to build that that those
eyeballs from CISOs on LinkedIn? What
have you learned?
Yeah, being different, being a domain in
your expert, like really bringing value
really and not selling anything. Again,
I'm trying to talk to people who have
not yet bought my product.
>> So obviously talking too much about my
product is not interesting. Like how
interested are in hearing about the tool
you do not use, right? Like
>> not a lot, right? But like if I know
your domain and I bring you truly the
best and deepest content in your domain
by the way like you are doing very
successfully right I've heard of faster
why have I heard about it why do we
listen to the episodes right like I
think it's genuinely truly good content
right that is what makes me subscribe it
is sometimes as simple as that so how do
we deliver really deep content
>> yeah it was interesting what you just
said
and maybe you were oversimplifying which
is fine but It's interesting when you
talked about content that folks who
aren't your customers want to see.
Why is that? If you add value to your
existing customers, like they're going
to like CISOs are friends. They have
their own communities. They get together
for dinners, right? They're going to
sell whiz for you as much as you are
yourself. Why would you I'm just I'm
just a cure. I don't I don't have an
opinion, but why would you want to bias
your content so much on prospects versus
existing customers?
>> Um just because like they're still the
same people. So almost like let's say
>> that's true.
>> Like I have a group of 100 CISOs and out
of them like 50 or with customers.
>> Yes.
>> I'd rather use the bigger denominator
which are like mark like really get good
value to people. And also I have to say
I also think as customers you're still
not really interested in when I build a
product I'm in my own echo chamber. So
for me with super duper interesting
right but realistically if I'm a user I
have so many things going on in my
universe right. So even for whis
customers I think there's something
interesting in broader content and deep
security content. So for example we have
the best security content in the world
when it comes to protecting cloud
environments. Like you want how to
secure cloud environments
>> truly we have the best content in the
world that is important it's deep it's
by top security researchers in the world
discovering new things it's by building
coding websites and coding training so
to me that is like a better way of of
giving my expertise unless you want to
buy a cloud security product right now
then my content is not you know what I
mean like I would rather that when the
time is right you would be like oh I
want to buy it from those experts in
cloud security and and read all about
the product, but I don't think I'm going
to like bring a lot of people in by
writing all day about my product.
>> No, no, for sure. Listen, I I it's just
fun to ask these questions. That makes
sense. I just sometimes though when you
want when you are a leader um seeing
something really detailed like how whiz
is implementing MCP, right? It it may be
very interesting. It shows you're a
leader. It shows or a new product
extension even though I'm not even I'm
not even a customer today. that shows
that it's the kind of attention and the
these are the things I'm interested in
learning more about these specific
pieces versus broad content of how
artificial intelligence is is creating
more threats
in security like some sometimes this
vague stuff that marketers put out to
again going a couple steps back to smart
buyers you roll your eyes I want to hear
okay MCP is really interesting MCP is
also a security risk like just generally
speaking how is whiz thinking about
maybe one the hottest topics in
enterprise software. It has MCP itself
and yet MCP is like this weird holes
like
it's fascinating right I'm just picking
one out from the whiz library but um
>> it's a very good point and I think it's
exactly that intersection right you also
started from like what is most
interesting right now right and then
what's your perspective on it whether
it's a perspective or a security
perspective but that is the right thing
to be talking about hence you see you
see the blog but don't get me wrong it's
of course like a balance I mean we also
pose a lot about the product and
everything in it but it's always this
balance of like how do I always grow my
audience that is what I'm trying to do
at the end I mean we are still
>> that's the KPI grow the audience right
>> yeah yeah um and how do you sorry we
could keep going down but it's just so
interesting when you want to grow your
audience and CISOs obviously the
bullseye right how do you think about
other stakeholders in the organization
and marketing to them
>> no seats are one part of it but at the
end My my best friends are the users.
They are the ones that at the end of the
day have to love the product, have to
use it, have to talk about it in their
communities. So, absolutely. It's um
it's not just we don't market just for
the buyers, we market for the users at
the end. That's almost like the most
important element.
>> Yeah. And and is the do you try to like
for sure and and maybe that maybe that's
that's the answer, right? But um is the
is it you've got DevOps teams, you've
got end security teams, you've got folks
just managing cloud accounts that you
that are in Whiz, right? They've got
probably different types of content that
they're interested in and different ways
to measure community size, right? It's a
it's a different number. Like Figma just
filed to IPO, right? They have their end
users, they have designers, and they
have all different stakeholders, and
they're measuring growth for each of
those constituents, right? Um, sometimes
it's hard to target all four or five
with one set of uh LinkedIn content.
>> Oh, no. No, for sure. That's this one
community that lives in one one space
like security engineers live in a
different place and and you have a
completely different set of things for
them. It's not just one group of audio
from one content stream or one approach.
It's everything together.
>> Well, no, it's super helpful.
Brother, I know you've probably got to
jump soon. We've had so much good
audience like chat or interaction. So,
honest like come back anytime disaster
either virtually or in person.
Let me just ask you a last maybe to tie
everything together and just like wrap
it up and try and give folks a little
bit of advice to tie into some of the
audience comments that have come in. So
you've talked about marketing, you
talked about being very involved in
sales, in field, being, you know,
obsessed with recruiting, trying to find
that 10 to 15% that you want to hire
that's like the very best that do know
AI that are doing interesting things
with AI on their own already, regardless
of what Wiz is doing. Since in the last
year, right, like Alphabet from Google
agreed to buy Whiz for 32 billion, which
is quite an accomplishment. So what
let's end on a high note. Congrats on
that. Um, but just to tie that into the
next phase in a very SAS style way, like
what do you what are you thinking about
in this next phase, right? Like
obviously things have changed a lot.
You've been an early
employee of Whiz. You've been on the
entire journey so far. What are you
thinking about? And I I know you'll
probably say you're not an expert. You
don't have all the answers, but just
give us, you know, your best either gut
feeling or intentions on where do you
see this going? You could talk about
marketing or product or sale. You're
involved in everything, right? Where do
you see this going now in the next
evolution of whis?
>> I think we're still in early days that
is truthfully um I think we feel like
everything is in the cloud and
everything is AI and in reality like 90%
of the workloads in the world are not on
cloud even. So just like we're so early
in the journey AI is only pushing teams
like faster and faster to the cloud into
adopting new technology.
>> I love how 32 billion you're like I'm
just getting started.
that that basically how you feel. I feel
like we haven't made start but we're
just starting. I think that's great. Um
any parting advice because I know we
talked a bit a little bit about it but
we have so many f there there are a lot
of marketers on today and a lot of sales
folks but any last advice for founders
that are trying to hire that great 10 to
15%.
Wow. I think it's not compromising. You
sometimes feel like, okay, I'll just
bring in somebody like it's the most
important thing. I just want to take
this off my plate.
>> No, it's like a wedding. You have to
build your a team. It's forever. Like,
and every single person you hire should
be your best hire ever. And unless you
live in Unless you leave an interview.
Very excited. Excited. Like, I wish this
person was here right now. Like, you
know, he lifted the energy in the room
or in the Zoom.
>> Don't get him. Like,
>> no, really. Like, don't compromise.
That's a compromise everybody makes,
right? Well, it's been three months.
>> So, don't don't compromise.
>> The right person will come. There's so
many talented people. Truly.
>> I love it. Well, thanks so much for
doing this. I think that's great, but we
all have to try and strive to get to
that bar. I'll be lower the bar at
times. So, I think it's good advice.
Thanks so much for doing this. So,
thanks so much for doing this again. So,
>> it's terrific.